Kuna
Smart home security that prevents break-ins before they happen
https://static.wixstatic.com/media/f04f10_1b9985508caa4eddab5ed4826128cc4d~mv2.png
Stop break-ins before they happen. Kuna is the first effective break-in prevention solution for home security. Kuna is a smart Wi-Fi camera and video intercom built into an elegant outdoor light. It detects people at your door and lets you see and interact with them through your smartphone. Think of it as a digital doorman. And the best part, it's super easy to install. No need to run power wires or drill holes. Just replace your old light fixture.

/ crunchbase
Kuna is a smart Wi-Fi camera and intercom built into an outdoor light. It detects people at your door and lets you see and talk to them.

Kuna is a smart Wi-Fi camera and intercom built into an outdoor light fixture. It detects people at your door and lets you see and interact with them through your smartphone. Kuna’s security system proactively alerts homeowners of possible intruders, rather than reacting to a break-in attempt and reporting it afterward. With no batteries requiredand simple installation in less than 15 minutes, Kuna is your digital doorman to keep your home safe.
---------
Noty.ai
https://framerusercontent.com/images/w6jqH3Wk3m6xM0Hu6vmNOHWmBcs.png
Noty.ai - Workplace AI Assistant getting work done

Noty.ai is a Workplace AI assistant that creates, tracks and pushes work-related to-dos. It helps to unlock 2 extra hours daily and make communication 100% actionable. Start for free!

/ crunchbase
Noty.ai is an AI-driven platform transforming video calls and meetings into notes, action items, tasks, and events. It helps to unlock 2 extra hours daily, get work done and make communication 100% actionable.

-----------

Clerk Chat
Create conversations that convert. Clerk Chat is the leading messaging platform for businesses looking to innovate.

Transform your business landline into a textable phone number. Enables phone number in Slack, Microsoft Teams, Salesforce and Clerk Chat webapp. Clerk Chat is a conversational messaging platform which amplifies human agents with AI agents and helps keeping track of customer support, operations, and sales messages.


/ crunchbase

-----------
Graydon:

Insights at a glance
With the new Graydon Insights you can still request company information as you are used to from us, but faster, simpler and in a clear, intuitive design. In addition to financial data, name and address data and the corporate structure of your (potential) business relations, we now also offer you insight into the future with scores such as the closure and growth score.

Whether you are working with a new customer, supplier or are curious about your current business relationships. Graydon is ready for you. We ensure that you have all the insights at a glance so that you can focus on your business.

/ linkedin
As a senior software engineer, I was involved in the full cycle of the products development process for one of the customers - Graydon. Graydon is one of the market leaders, a fintech company focused on business information, financial and commercial insights. As a member of an agile team, I was taking part in the ballparking, story-mapping, refinements, demos, collaboration with designers/testers and fulltime development.

/ crunchbase

Graydon is a provider of business credit information and data intelligence.

Graydon is a leading provider of business credit information and data intelligence. Check a company credit score by undertaking a company. When companies have a clear picture of the opportunities and risks they face, co-operation thrives, deals are struck and ideas becomereality. Graydon's mission is to convert vast amounts of data from diverse data sources into information. Based on this information, company generate invaluable economic, financial and commercial insights that help customers make better business decisions and ultimately gain competitive advantage.

Graydon aims to create a level playing field where organisations prosper and economies thrive.


------------

https://www.audiencescience.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/AudienceSciencefeaturedimage-e1469046967754.png

AudienceScience is the SaaS-based Advertising Automation suite, delivering simplicity and accountability to advertisers.
Home - AudienceScience

AudienceScience is the leading global SaaS-based Advertising Automation suite, delivering simplicity and accountability to advertisers on a global scale.

AudienceScience is the world's first Advertising Automation solution delivering simplicity, effectiveness and accountability at scale for global advertisers and agencies.

The AudienceScience® Helios technology integrates the numerous siloed tools used to drive digital ad impressions and end actions into a single solution which enables a marketer to maximize the performance of every advertising dollar.

Developed in partnership with the world’s largest CPG advertiser, AudienceScience technology uses cloud-based infrastructure and machine learning to process billions of transactions per minute in over 50 countries, including China. We execute behaviorally-targeted, fraud-free campaigns for marketers who are demanding efficiency and effectiveness to deliver maximum value to their shareholders.

AudienceScience is an enterprise digital marketing technology company empowering global marketing organizations.

/ crunchbase
AudienceScience is an enterprise digital marketing technology company empowering global marketing organizations.

AudienceScience was transforming how global advertisers measurably connect their consumers, data, and media with an easy to use and fully transparent Enterprise Advertising Management system. It specializes in the fields of digital media, advertising platforms, and SaaS.

--------------
Paragonex

/linkedin

Software for trading on the financial markets (stocks and ETFs, indices, commodities, currencies, and crypto).

Founded in 2008 and proudly headquartered on the Isle of Man, we are a Fintech that builds software for trading on the financial markets.

Our customers, brokers like 1Market.com, bring the brand and the traders. We bring a simple, innovative, and stable trading platform, a proven track record, world-class back-office tools, and (through our subsidiaries) managed services.

Never resting on our laurels, we have grown to become a global business with several hundred employees, and with operations and partnerships in the Isle of Man, Israel, Ukraine, Australia, Cyprus and more. Driven by a start-up ethos, our people have the opportunity to make a real difference outside of their day to day role, and to grow at a pace that’s unrivalled in our industry.

/ crunchbase

ParagonEX is the provider of the most advanced Forex trading platform.

ParagonEx is a technology company offering online brokers a simple off-the-shelf, stable trading platform and Back-Office. Dedicated to the idea of creating a completely perfect all-in-one online trading solution, they became obsessed with being the number 1 supplier of online trading technology. They knew that to be number 1 they needed partners who shared their vision of what trading technology could be. To reach their goal, they found a couple of brokers to help us develop technology specifically geared toward enhancing their revenue and theirs. This partnership quickly produced the industry’s most advanced trading platform that has since helped clients generate revenues of millions of dollars.

ParagonEx is a technology company offering online brokers a simple off-the-shelf, stable trading platform and Back-Office. Dedicated to the idea of creating a completely perfect all-in-one online trading solution, ParagonEx partnered with a couple of brokers to help develop technology specifically geared toward enhancing their revenue.



----------

BuzzFeed

/linkedin

The leading independent digital media and tech company delivering news and entertainment content to a global audience.

BuzzFeed, Inc. is home to the best of the internet. Across food, news, pop culture and commerce, our brands drive conversation and inspire what audiences watch, read, buy, and obsess over next. Born on the internet in 2006, BuzzFeed, Inc. is committed to making it better: providing trusted, quality, brand-safe news and entertainment to hundreds of millions of people; making content on the internet more inclusive, empathetic, and creative; and inspiring our audience to live better lives. We'll continue to recruit the best founders and creators to join us in this mission, with more additions like Complex Networks and HuffPost to come.


/ crunchbase

BuzzFeed is a cross-platform digital media company delivering news and entertainment content to a global audience.

BuzzFeed is a news and entertainment company that is redefining online advertising with its social, content-driven publishing technology. BuzzFeed provides the most shareable breaking news, original reporting, entertainment, and video across the social web to its global audience of more than 200M. It covers breaking news, produces original videos,and creates content that people want to share on the web.
BuzzFeed was founded in 2006 by Jonah Peretti and John Johnson. It is headquartered in New York, New York.

----------
Marktplaats

/ crunchbase

Marktplaats.nl is an online classified advertising site that connects buyers with sellers.

Marktplaats.nl was one of the first websites in the Netherlands dedicated to the classified advertising format online. Since then, it has grown into the most popular website of its kind in the Netherlands with a growing audience among individuals and small businesses. With more than one million listings at any given time, Marktplaats.nl offers avenue where buyers and sellers can meet to trade a wide array of items, from clothing and collectibles to cars and household items.
